---
title: Improting Functions
weight: 15
---

To integrate and use functions from plugins written in a different language, you may need to generate language-specific header files to enable proper communication and compilation. This guide explains how to generate these headers and when this step is necessary.

Importing functions in the Plugify ecosystem might depend on the specific language module you are using. In most cases, the process will require generating headers using a script. While you can do this manually, we recommend using a Python generator script for ease and accuracy.

#### Steps to Generate Header Files

1. Locate the `generator.py` script within the specific language module's `generator` folder.

    - Each language module in the Plugify framework includes its own generator script that will create headers for that language. Make sure to find the correct script for your language of choice.

2. Run the `generator.py` script using Python 3.

    - Open a terminal or command console and navigate to the folder containing `generator.py`.

    - Execute the following command:
      ```sh
      python generator.py "path to .pplugin file" "path to output folder"
      ```

        - `"path to plugin file"`: The file path to the plugin manifest you plan to use in your project.
        - `"path to output folder"`: The directory where the generated header file will be saved.

   Example:
   ```sh
   python generator.py ./plugins/MyPlugin/MyPlugin.pplugin ./output/
   ```

This command will process the specified .pplugin file and generate the appropriate headers or files in the specified output folder, making it easier to import and use the functions in your plugin.

Using the generator script simplifies the process of importing functions and ensures consistency across your plugins, allowing you to focus on developing your plugin's core functionality.

### When is Header Generation Necessary?

If you're developing plugins in C#, C++, Golang, or any other statically-typed language, generating the headers is essential. Without these header files, the compiler will not be able to reference functions from other plugins. In languages like Python, header generation is not strictly necessary since method binding happens at runtime. The dynamic nature of these languages allows them to call functions directly without pre-compilation.