---
title: Installation
description: A comprehensive guide to installing the plugin, including system requirements and any dependencies.
icon: lucide:download
---

The **Polyhook Plugin** can be installed in two ways: manually downloading the release or using the Plugify package manager. This guide explains both methods and provides step-by-step instructions.

## **Method 1: Manual Installation**

::steps
### **Download the Release**
1. Go to the [Polyhook Plugin repository](https://github.com/untrustedmodders/polyhook).
2. Navigate to the **Releases** section.
3. Download the latest release package (e.g., `plugify-plugin-polyhook.zip`).

### **Extract the Package**
1. Extract the downloaded package to a temporary directory.

### **Place the Plugin in the Plugins Folder**
1. Locate the `extensions` folder in your Plugify installation directory.
2. Copy the extracted plugin files into the `extensions` folder.

### **Verify Installation**
1. Start Plugify.
2. The Polyhook Plugin should now be available for use.
::

## **Method 2: Installation via Package Manager**

::steps
### **Configure Mamba**
Before proceeding, make sure you have the [Mamba package manager](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/mamba.html#mamba-user-guide) installed and understand the basics of creating and managing environments.  
If you are new to Mamba, please read the **Quickstart Guide** in the official documentation.

### **Install the Plugin**
1. Run the following command in your terminal (replace `your_env_name` with the name of your environment):
   ```bash
   mamba install -n your_env_name -c https://untrustedmodders.github.io/plugify-plugin-polyhook/ plugify-plugin-polyhook
   ```

### **Verify Installation**
1. Start Plugify.
2. The Polyhook Plugin should now be installed and ready for use.
::

## **Folder Structure**

After installation, the Polyhook Plugin should have the following folder structure:

::file-tree
---
tree:
- res/extensions:
    - polyhook:
        - bin:
            - polyhook.dll
            - libpolyhook.so
        - ^polyhook.pplugin^
---
::

### **Explanation**
- **`res/extensions/polyhook`**: The root folder for the Polyhook Plugins.
- **`bin`**: Contains the compiled plugin binaries (`.dll` for Windows, `.so` for Linux and `.dylib` for macOS).
- **`polyhook.pplugin`**: The plugin manifest file that describes the plugin and its exported functions.

## **Troubleshooting**

### **Plugin Not Found**
- Ensure the repository URL is correct and accessible.

### **Installation Fails**
- Check your internet connection.
- Ensure you have the latest version of Plugify installed.
