---
title: Getting Started
icon: lucide:layout-list
---

::alert{type="warning" icon="lucide:triangle-alert"}
  The documentation is currently under development and may contain inaccuracies.  
  The main part is written for Counter-Strike 2 game servers with Metamod.
::

## General Information

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Installation
  icon: lucide:box
  to: /general/installation
  ---
  Initial setup of Plugify.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Updating
  icon: lucide:arrow-right-left
  to: /general/updating
  ---
  Updates and configuration.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Plugins
  icon: lucide:scissors
  to: /general/commands
  ---
  Commands, package manager, and plugin installation.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Supported Games
  icon: lucide:square-terminal
  to: /games/source2/cs2
  ---
  Information about game SDKs.
  ::
::

## For Developers

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: First Plugin
  icon: lucide:box
  to: /developing/first-plugin
  ---
  Write your first plugin.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Plugify Architecture
  icon: lucide:arrow-right-left
  to: /developing/architecture
  ---
  An overview of Plugify's architecture and product principles.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Marshalling
  icon: lucide:scissors
  to: /developing/marshalling
  ---
  Discover efficient techniques for inter-language communication, ensuring smooth data exchange between plugins.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Language Modules
  icon: lucide:square-terminal
  to: /languages
  ---
  Learn how to create new language modules for Plugify, enabling seamless plugin development in various languages.
  ::
::

## Other
::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Metamod
  icon: lucide:box
  to: /general/metamod/installation
  ---
  
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Contribute
  icon: lucide:check-check
  to: /developing/contributing/building
  ---
  
  ::
::
