---
title: Quick Start
description: Interactive guide with category-based navigation.
icon: lucide:rocket
---

::alert{type="warning" icon="lucide:triangle-alert"}
  The documentation is currently under development and may contain inaccuracies.  
::

Plugify is a powerful plugin and package manager designed to simplify multi-language plugin development. Whether you're a developer, modder, or integrator, this guide will help you get started quickly.

## General Information

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Overview
  icon: lucide:book-open
  to: /introduction/overview
  ---
  Learn what Plugify is, why it’s useful, and how it can enhance your projects.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Key Features
  icon: lucide:sparkles
  to: /introduction/features
  ---
  Discover the unique features that make Plugify a powerful tool for plugin development.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Architecture
  icon: lucide:layers
  to: /introduction/architecture
  ---
  Understand how Plugify works under the hood with a high-level explanation of its architecture.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: FAQ
  icon: lucide:help-circle
  to: /introduction/faq
  ---
  Find answers to common questions about Plugify.
  ::
::

## For Developers

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: First Plugin
  icon: lucide:code
  to: /languages/languages
  ---
  Write your first plugin for Plugify with this beginner-friendly guide.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Writing a New Language Module
  icon: lucide:package-plus
  to: /developer-guides/writing-language-module
  ---
  Learn how to extend Plugify by creating a new language module.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Runtime Marshalling
  icon: lucide:rotate-3d
  to: /developer-guides/runtime-marshalling
  ---
  Discover efficient techniques for inter-language communication.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Contributing to Plugify
  icon: lucide:github
  to: /developer-guides/contributing
  ---
  Contribute to the Plugify core project and join the open-source community.
  ::
::

## For Modders

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Plugify as Metamod Plugin
  icon: lucide:square-m
  to: /use-cases/game-modding
  ---
  Learn how to use Plugify for modding games like Counter-Strike 2 and Deadlock with Metamod.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Standalone Modding Launcher
  icon: lucide:play-circle
  to: /use-cases/standalone-launcher
  ---
  Use Plugify as a standalone launcher for modding and plugin management of Counter-Strike 2 and Deadlock.
  ::
::

## Language Modules

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Python Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-python
  to: /languages/python/quick
  ---
  Develop plugins in Python with Plugify's Python language module.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: C++ Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-cpp3
  to: /languages/cpp/quick
  ---
  Use Plugify's native C++ support for high-performance plugins.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: C# Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-csharp2
  to: /languages/csharp/quick
  ---
  Write plugins in C# with Plugify's .NET and Mono support.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: JavaScript Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-js-official
  to: /languages/javascript/quick
  ---
  Leverage the V8 engine to create JavaScript plugins.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Go Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-go
  to: /languages/golang/quick
  ---
  Build plugins in Go with Plugify's Go language module.
  ::
  
  ::card
  ---
  title: Dlang Module
  icon: vscode-icons:file-type-dlang
  to: /languages/dlang/quick
  ---
  Develop plugins in Dlang with Plugify's Dlang language module.
  ::
::

## Community & Support

::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Join the Community
  icon: lucide:message-circle
  to: /community/join
  ---
  Connect with the Plugify community on Discord and GitHub.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Showcase & Case Studies
  icon: lucide:eye
  to: /community/showcase
  ---
  Explore real-world projects using Plugify.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Feature Requests & Roadmap
  icon: lucide:square-kanban
  to: /community/feature-requests
  ---
  Share your ideas and see what’s planned for Plugify’s future.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Troubleshooting & Debugging
  icon: lucide:life-buoy
  to: /community/troubleshooting
  ---
  Get help with common issues and debugging tips.
  ::
::