---
title: Language modules
navigation: false
---

### Language Modules Quickstarts
::card-group
::card
---
title: Python
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-python
to: /languages/python/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using Python, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: C++
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-cpp3
to: /languages/cpp/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using C++, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: C#
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-csharp2
to: /languages/csharp/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using C#, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: JavaScript
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-js-official
to: /languages/javascript/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using JavaScript, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: Golang
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-go
to: /languages/golang/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using Golang, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: Lua
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-lua
to: /languages/lua/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using Lua, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: Rust
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-rust
to: /languages/rust/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using Rust, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::

::card
---
title: Dlang
icon: vscode-icons:file-type-dlang
to: /languages/dlang/quick-start
---
Learn how to create a plugin using Dlang, export and import methods, and integrate plugins written in different languages within Plugify.
::
::

::card-group{:cols="1"}
::card
---
title: Couldn't find the module you need?
icon: lucide:code
to: /developer-guides/writing-language-module
---
Contribute by creating your own language module!
::
::

